chore(release): Automated agent plugin release notes (v0.8.34) (#1099)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-plugin/agent-plug-v-0-8-34.md

---
title: v0.8.34 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-12-29)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.08.34
---

> Make Namespaces and CustomResourceDefinitions cacheable 
> despite the use of `kubesvc.runtime.defaults.onlySpinnakerManaged` 
> configuration set to true; in this way the Spinnaker UI could show the
> information without matter of the value of that configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Improvements

Namespaces and CustomResourceDefinitions are now cacheable even when
 `kubesvc.runtime.defaults.onlySpinnakerManaged` is set to `true`. This change allows the UI to show that information consistently regardless of how that property is configured.

```

---
title: v0.8.34 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-12-29)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.08.34
---

## Improvements

> Namespaces and CustomResourceDefinitions are now cacheable even when
>  `kubesvc.runtime.defaults.onlySpinnakerManaged` is set to `true`. This change allows the UI to show that information consistently regardless of how that property is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces and CustomResourceDefinitions are now cacheable even when `kubesvc.runtime.defaults.onlySpinnakerManaged` is set to `true`. This change allows the UI to show that information consistently regardless of how that property is configured.
```
